there were just three things I had to
keep reminding myself
watch my footing
avoid sudden movement and never knock
the hide
oops okay so I just slightly knocked the
hive there and one second we've got an
awful lot more activity the noise also
has intensified massively it's actually
quite intimidating being this close to
it
it's a really heavy droning buzz
and suddenly it's obvious why Killer
Bees a called Killer Bees the thing that
makes African bees more dangerous than
honeybees and gives them the reputation
of killer bees is not because they're
any bigger or because their venom is a
stronger than European honeybees it's
just because there's so much more
aggressive they'll sting in much greater
numbers and they'll they'll chase away
an attacker for as much as a mile away
from their hide and well a couple of
hundred stings can easily kill a person
so the clock's ticking it's almost time
to evacuate it's very tempting you just
got to stay calm mustn't thrash around
that's the absolute worst thing to do
okay they're now trying to Stingley
through the suit
really Peverley around my head I was
feeling the force of thousands of killer
bees in full attack mode so it was only
a matter of time Oh out out out out
ah once stung me through the veil well
the chin
oh you forget how much they hurt and
that's the final straw
I think it's time to head down
when they yeah when they go on the
attack like this all together doesn't
really matter how fast you can run
you're a big trouble and that's why
after can be going on the deadly 60